How did I give her the wrong idea?
How did I let my guard down?
If I see her again, I'll make sure she gets the right message.
In the past, I would have witnessed immediately in a situation like that.
What changed?
I've always been busy, but maybe I've let my busy life start to crowd out the important things.
Like my Bible reading.
That night I did some research and I found Ephesians chapter 5, verse 25.
Husbands, continue loving your wives, just as the Christ also loved the congregation.
I needed more though.
Verse 26 stood out to me.
There it says what Jesus does for the congregation.
Cleansing it with the bath of water by means of the Word.
If I'm going to stay morally and spiritually clean, I need to read God's Word every day.